In previous projects, you've learned about various constraints that you might
apply to an optimization in order to adhere to certain requirements.
A constraint in an optimization falls into one of two categories.
Either the constraint does nothing to the solution,
or the constraint makes the solution sub-optimal.
Constraints can also cause the optimizer to run more slowly,
and time is a real cost when your back-testing,
as you want to be able to iterate and test in a reasonable amount of time.
Also, we may choose from a different set of optimization algorithms,
and some may not support inequality constraints.
So in general, it would be better to avoid setting
explicit constraints unless it's mandated by the fund.
For instance, if you're managing a long only fund,
then you would still need to constrain the holdings to be
positive only to avoid short positions.
The good news is, we can still satisfy the goals of
various constraints with the terms that we put into the objective function.
Let's think about some constraints,
such as making the positions market neutral,
limiting risk from large positions which is the leverage constraint,
and limiting the exposure to any single stock
which is a maximum holding constraint for a single stock.